README.md, before:

## Description

This module is intended to create subscriptions in current or external (separately specified) projects.
The default service account will get `roles/pubsub.publisher` role to an external DLQ topic in order to publish and `roles/pubsub.subscriber` role to external topic in order to subscribe to it. Also, `roles/pubsub.subscriber` role is granted in the current project in case there are topics created using the official Pub/Sub module and you want to subscribe to them.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| google | n/a |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| create\_subscriptions | Specify true if you want to create subscriptions | `bool` | `true` | no |
| dead\_letter\_policy | Specify true if you want to add dead letter policy | `bool` | `false` | no |
| external\_project\_id | The external project ID to manage the Pub/Sub topics. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| project\_id | The project ID to manage the Pub/Sub resources. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| pull\_subscriptions | The list of the pull subscriptions | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| push\_subscriptions | The list of the push subscriptions | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| subscription\_labels | A map of labels to assign to every Pub/Sub subscription | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| subscription\_names | The name list of Pub/Sub subscriptions |
| subscription\_paths | The path list of Pub/Sub subscriptions |

Commit message:

feat: Refactor for kafka-connect subscription (#2)
* feat: Refactor for kafka-connect subscription [WIP]
* feat: Add pubsub.viewer permissions for kafka-connect to work
* feat: Refactor and strip down to necessary resources only

README.md, after:

## Description

This module is intended to create subscriptions in current or external (separately specified) projects.

`pull\_subscriptions` parameter supports the same keys that in original [Pubsub](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-pubsub/tree/v1.9.0) module.
Additionally `service` key in `pull\_subscriptions` needs to be provided to configure subscriber permissions in the subscription for service's service account.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| google | n/a |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| create\_subscriptions | Specify true if you want to create subscriptions | `bool` | `true` | no |
| external\_project\_id | The external project ID to manage the Pub/Sub topics. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| project\_id | The project ID to manage the Pub/Sub resources. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| pull\_subscriptions | The list of the pull subscriptions | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| subscription\_labels | A map of labels to assign to every Pub/Sub subscription | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| subscription\_names | The name list of Pub/Sub subscriptions |
| subscription\_paths | The path list of Pub/Sub subscriptions |
